
The project in particular is for the login process of an App. is made with version 2 of vuejs with vuetify. has an authentication system so that in case of manually enter any url if not authenticated is redirected to the login, this is achieved here in the routing, here at the end by adding this beforeach that consumes this typescript file. which exposes only one function by default, which is responsible for validating the above and if the token is still valid or if it is necessary to re-enter the login data.

the part referring to the code that is made not to repeat itself, we have an irepository that gives us the contract to fulfill, the abstract class repository which has by default the 4 parts of a restapi (get, post, put, delete). the abstract class is exposed in such a way that when it is inherited to this it is passed 2 things mainly, one the entity, which is the object sent in each of the requests and the endpoint where when making the requests this will receive some expected answers. in addition to the basic methods that were commented initially we have 2 that are also considered equally generic that are a general return (getall) and a filter, which are used to list the data of the entities. then we have the entities apart, and the reposotory classes of each one of them, which will be used respectively where it is pertinent. as we can observe it is only necessary to pass the entity and in the constructor method call super with the data of the corresponding endpoint. finally we can observe a class that does not consume the abstract class in the predetermined form but that applies for those that have some particularities, for example the login.

the project can be improved by using service class processes to keep the logic more separated from the infra structure part, which is mixed in the securityrepository class. however i consider a very strong base project for many types of web applications. the project does not use a state management system (vuex or pina). this is because it is not yet necessary and experience has taught me that it should only be used when it is really necessary because an excessive use can add an unnecessary degree of complexity.

I created a component that can be reused in all the classes that is the inputfilter that is designed respecting the proposed structure so that it can filter any type of entity.
